hey what's up guys right here at the
Rona project just doing a quick video to
inform you guys what's going on with the
contest so as you can tell above the
prize is going to be a free Naruto DVD
uncut box set hopefully you guys I
thought would like that a lot of you
guys in Naruto fans and I think that
you'd get a kick out of it they run
normally about 30 bucks on Amazon so I
thought I was a pretty good deal
especially for free also we're gonna be
picking two different winners the first
winner will get his choice between the
box set or a free piece of rona art the
second winner will get the other of
whichever the first one didn't pick the
only rules is just that you have to be a
subscriber and that you comment on this
video what we're gonna do is we're
actually gonna pick the winners out of
who comments below the reason we're
doing that is because we wanted to make
sure that we're picking people not only
that our subscribers but are still
active because we're not sure how many
people that subscribe are still watching
our videos they might not care anymore
or whatever so we just want to make sure
to give it to an active subscriber I
think that's fair to everybody out there
so that's about it guys we just want to
give you that quick update that's it I'm
just gonna rip this right off there and
throw it online real quick the stud
count is our you know weekly video I
know we tried to do one possibly two a
week so this won't count we still got
another video planned you just want to
give you that update real quick and
that's it we'll see you guys also I
almost forgot will be hope we'll put the
video up we're gonna keep this video up
for about a week or so that way
everybody gets a chance to view it and
you know comment and all that kind of
stuff I want to make sure to include
that that way you guys know it'll be
about a week or so we'll pick the
subscribe or we'll pick up the winners
or whoever the subscribers that one and
then you know do a video telling you
guys who it is and I'll get the contact
information I think it's just a direct
mail I'll just put your guys's address
in there and all your personal info and
then just mail that to you for both the
art and the
in the box set alright guys we'll talk
to you later oh I forgot one more thing
for you guys that aren't familiar with
the Rona project you know when I say
Rona art we're actually just trying to
make our own manga and we're doing a
piece of Arts & B autographed and signed
just wanted to include that for anybody
that watch these videos like what the
hell is the Rona project you know check
out our channel you know we're making
our own manga right now and if you kind
of like Naruto you know and although
we're not very similar we're not too
much like Naruto we definitely have our
own style but you may be interested in
the manga aspect of it so you know check
us out besides me you know the romo
project is you got problems right and
like I said the two rules is all you
have to do is be a subscriber and
comment on this video hopefully that's
the last thing I have to say we'll see
ya